He dabbed at his forehead with a large floral-patterned tissue.
Durlston took a tissue and flicked the seat, then he sat down with his jacket on, looking cool and calm and impeccable.
Both had been torn loose from their mountings and wadded into the nose like so much tissue paper, crushing the instrument panel.
Magnan trailed, mopping at his face with a scented tissue.
Turning her back on Adam, she lifted the lid of the top box, pulled aside the tissue paper and carefully drew out a garland of stephanotis.
Chuck turned his large frame and caromed a box of tissues off Steve's left shoulder.
He took a clean issue tissue tunic from the wall dispenser.
Inside each was a multitude of tiny compartments, each with a bit of something wrapped in cloth or paper tissue.
I did not want to shoot Mr. Castile at all,  Yanez said as he took off his glasses and wiped away tears with a tissue.
He'd run out of tissues, and his nose was a continual drip, while breathing seemed almost impossible.
He wiped his nose and reached for a fresh tissue.
He wiped his brow with a paper tissue.
Finished, he climbed over the rail and joined Wenzl, mopping his brow with a tissue.
He sneezed as the dry air caught the tissue pf his nostrils.
She quickly stuffed the tissue in the disposal and sat up, touching her blond hair lightly with her hands.
She didn't want a tissue or a cup of water from the cooler or anything at all.
Winston followed her around the room, collecting the small frail objects (Christmas, birthday, and anniversary) and wrapping them in tissue paper.
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully.
Ben winced as she unwrapped the bloody tissue and wiped the slash with anesthetic, then turned his attention to the pen and paper the Deskman was offering, and almost laughed.
Tissue paper production and consumption is predicted to continue to grow because of factors like urbanization, increasing disposable incomes and consumer spending.
Japanese tissue may be made from one of three plants, the kōzo plant (Broussonetia papyrifera, paper mulberry tree), the mitsumata (Edgeworthia chrysantha) shrub and the gampi tree (Diplomorpha sikokiana).
The tissue paper might be treated with softeners, lotions or added perfume to get the right properties or "feeling".
Orchids Paper Products Company is a manufacturer of tissue products serving the at-home tissue market. 
For example, common mistakes include putting tissue boxes in the recycling bin without first removing the plastic insert, 
The underlying demand for dissolving pulp, packaging, office paper and tissue, in South Africa, and speciality papers abroad, remains strong, driven by global sustainability trends
She dabbed her eyes with a tissue to wipe away the tears.
The delicate gift was wrapped in tissue paper to protect it during shipping.
He blew his nose loudly into the tissue, feeling relieved afterwards.
The decorative tissue paper added a nice touch to the gift wrapping.
The surgery was unfortunately a failure, so the doctors had tissues ready for the patient’s family as they were told the bad news. 
As her story concluded, I reached for the tissues for tears that would inevitably come. 
The hurricane had enough force to tear metal roofs off and blow them around like tissues. 
Her skin was as thin as tissue paper, allowing you to see all the veins underneath. 
He crumpled up the tissue and tossed it into the waste bin.
The doctor handed her a tissue to dab the blood from the small cut on her finger.
I used a tissue to wipe away the tears from my eyes.
The ballet dancer delicately wiped the sweat from her face with a tissue during the performance.