As the weeks passed, he put on weight, removed the fatty tissue from his cheekbones, thickened his cheeks enough to remove the gauntness, and restored his complexion to a healthier hue.
Then the terrifying drrrnngg of the pain-making aura that seared every nerve ending without numbing or damaging tissue.
Tooth enamel was long thought to be dead tissue, for instance.
And then the news was broken to everyone about the culturing of the scar tissue, and there were a few dissenters but they were soon conditioned out of their dissension and the population was stabilized.
See that your damaged tissues are repaired as fully as possible.
But she had flicked scar tissue and I answered almost sharply, "I am not employee of Warden."
Sidis grin was sagging, hooked up on the bad side by twisted scar tissue.
It puffed around his face, stinging the skin tissues there, a pink mist that went into his lungs.
Alfieri's heart pumped Alfieri's blood through the new tissue.
You pump air into the wing, and the tissue -- skin, cells, stiffeners and all -- absorbs it and stores it as semistable compounds.
But the optic nerve is brain tissue, not ordinary nerve tissue.
I wouldn't be surprised if you could rupture lung tissues that way.
They don't expend themselves futilely trying to get rid of what they consider invading tissue.
Organs and tissues for later transplants can be more readily preserved.
After that, the tissues of the lungs are exposed to emptiness and begin to release their liquids through surface boiling, with fatal and agonizing results.
I strained with every bit of muscle tissue to no useful end.
I could almost feel cartilage tear and muscle tissues pop.
His vision was blurring, shot through with red; his lungs ached, his tissues screamed their torture.
"Do you choose to experience the destruction of your body's tissues?"
Ms. Armul says there is also some evidence that a ketogenic diet breaks down muscle tissue for energy.
But despite the advances of medicine through the centuries there still wasn't any way for our techs to get blood or several other kinds of tissue samples out of a humanoid body without poking it with a syringe or punch.
In experiments they have used a plug of tissues consisting mainly of blood vessels.
We cannot establish the significance of the multiple substances  that were detected in Ms. Fisher's blood and tissue with regard to the cause of death.
Meningitis is the inflammation of tissue surrounding the brain and spinal cord, which can be caused by viral or bacterial infections.
“For most dinosaurs that I looked at, there would have been a substantial amount of physiologically active soft tissues in their noses,” said Bourke.
The human body has various types of tissues, including epithelial, muscular, and nervous tissue, which perform different functions.
In plants, the tissue responsible for transporting water and nutrients is called vascular tissue.
When a tissue is damaged, the body's natural healing process involves the growth and repair of new tissue to replace the damaged tissue.
Cancer is a disease characterized by the abnormal growth and division of cells within a tissue, which can lead to the formation of tumors.
The surgeon used extreme precision to remove the infected tissue from the patient. 
While it had been many years, there were still remnants of scar tissue where shrapnel wounded the veteran. 
It was getting difficult for Ben to walk, the tissues in his leg had become inflamed from the grueling hike. 
The small, fragile tissue of cells had been painstakingly cultured and grown in the laboratory for weeks, with the hope of one day restoring the damaged tissues of a patient's heart.
The tear in his skin exposed the raw tissue underneath. 
The tissue in his injured leg was slowly healing over time.
The doctor examined the tissue under a microscope to look for abnormalities.
She donated tissue for research purposes to help find a cure for the disease.
The plant's tissue was affected by the harsh weather conditions and began to wilt.
