The yarn is no longer novel -- too many other writers have since taken off from Gallun's inspiration -- but it is just as fine to me as it always was.
I have just finished reading a rather lengthy yarn with several rather far-fetched theories in one field, two or three political premises stirred up with them, and then a bunch of characters, none clearly definable, trying to juggle the whole mess.
But spin those reporters some yarn and keep them there if you can.
They censored all that out of my copy -- made it strictly a yarn about the nullies.
"Nan, do you think that kind of yarn is going to stop me from writing about what happened tonight?
Just swallow the premise and enjoy the yarn.
It is almost a truism that Clement's books never smile, but he pens a credible, workmanlike and always interesting yarn.
That one man can kill the world with a button is the story skeleton of a well-muscled yarn.
He spun his yarn from the material in his head.
I have seen the transition of SF from the original crude gimmick yarn to today's polished story of ideas.
I hate to say it in public, but this is the first Doc Smith yarn I've had a chance to read.
His illustration was the yarn of a sea captain who after a storm found himself alone in the ocean with a bit of driftwood.
Some of us come in from the farm, others from the city; some are connoisseurs, some just like a good yarn.
These books thrive on yarn spinning, but they also take immense delight in the inner workings of things
If you can hold off a while longer, I may be able to give you a better yarn."
He can come back down afterward again if he likes, but I'll be much more convinced of his yarn if I see him breathing air again, and I'll feel a lot safer if he's in this boat with me when I drive it out of here.
We know from historical accounts and from the occasional yarn from an old-timer that within living memory children could be trusted with matches and clasp knives and were known to look after each other without constant adult intervention or correction.
In this cavalry yarn, great pains have been exerted to provide interesting characters.
After publication, the book received praise from President Ronald Reagan, who called the work "the best yarn", subsequently boosting sales to 300,000 hardcover and two million paperback copies of the book, making it a national bestseller.
The book was published in May 2005 and is billed as "A road trip, a rich historical yarn, and testimony to the odd nature of a great many friendships".
The Telegraph's story was picked up by various newspapers in Australia but not by the Melbourne Herald Sun because of concerns that the Telegraph was "running with a yarn which is highly libellous".
Fortinbras operates on a far less ambitious plane, but it is a ripping yarn and offers Keith Reddin a role in which he can commit comic mayhem".
What makes this one of the good ones is superlative photography of the storied Grecian isles, a crackerjack cast and a yarn about WWII in which unlikely incident succeeds unlikely incident with rare largesse.
Local heartthrob Won Bin transforms himself into an action hero in writer-helmer Lee Jeong-beom’s swift and blood-soaked yarn, about a mystery man who gets caught up in a gang war while trying to protect a child,
The New York Times observed that it was "a natural, tender and amusing yarn" with "laughs that leave the spirits soaring."[
