"Then, if you like, I'll teach you a knitting stitch and you can pick any color yarn you like."
If you were in the yarn business, especially in New England, you had to work hard -- most of the mills had moved south long ago.
He had a hank of red yarn in his hand and I could see the yarn and the clothes he was wearing distinctly, but all of a sudden his face blurred and his features ran together -- like a fadeout in the movies, if you know what I mean.
Yet they were separate, as one strand of colored thread in a ball of yarn is looped and knotted and intertwined with every other strand, although it retains its own integrity.
Go and pick out any color of yarn you like and I'll show you how to knit.
It has a rubber or cork center, wound in yarn and covered in white cowhide, 
I checked out videos and some of them show wrapping the yarn on the needle before doing the knit/purl stitch. 
I knitted mittens with that same yarn and have the shedding problem also.
Below you can see that the tails of yarn are visible on the back of the work 
String each- paper sign onto the yarn, threading through each hole. 
Several thousand carbon fibers are twisted together to form a yarn, which may be used by itself or woven into a fabric. 
Moreover, the size of the buttonhole is totally dependent on the weight of the yarn and the needle size. 
It was slow-going but it also felt therapeutic to methodically wrap the yarn around the cardboard.
When dry, tape piece of yarn on the back for a hanger,
China’s phenomenal growth in cotton garments is partly because we continue to be its largest supplier of cotton fibre and yarn.
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds, larger yarn packages, and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn.
The industry, which produces yarn, fabric and garments for high-end brands, mostly employs young village women from poor, illiterate and low-caste communities.
Thread is a type of yarn but similarly used for sewing. 
A swift is a tool used to hold a hank of yarn while it is being wound off 
White also participates in real estate investment, owns the yarn brand Vanna's Choice, and patronizes St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Warp knitting is defined as a loop-forming process in which the yarn is fed into the knitting zone, parallel to the fabric selvage.
Weaving is a method of textile production in which two distinct sets of yarns or threads are interlaced at right angles to form a fabric or cloth. 
Sometimes medium to hard rubber mallets, very hard core, or yarn mallets are used for softer effects.
Rovings are produced during the process of making spun yarn from wool fleece, raw cotton, or other fibres.
The port was opened in 1762, mainly for the export of coir-matting and coir-yarn. Kesavadas built three ships for trade with Calcutta and Bombay, and alleppey afforded a convenient depot for the storage and disposal of goods produce in the east.
The blanket was made from a mix of acrylic and wool yarns, making it both affordable and warm.
The yarn was unraveling from the end, so I had to rewind it into a ball.
The mohair yarn had a fuzzy texture that made the scarf look cozy.
The yarn made from cashmere was luxurious but expensive, so I only used it for special projects.
The cat played with a ball of yarn, chasing it around the room until he collapsed.
"I love that color of yarn you used in your sweater, where did you get it?"
Yarn is my favorite material to use when making clothing.
The criminals used several balls of yarn to tie up the hostage.
She used a crochet hook to weave the yarn into a beautiful afghan blanket.
The yarn shop had a wide variety of textures and colors to choose from.
After knitting for hours, she finally finished the sweater made from soft merino wool yarn.
I found a tangled ball of yarn in the back of my closet that I had forgotten about.
The group of friends huddled around the campfire, passing around a skein of yarn as they took turns telling ghost stories, each one trying to outdo the other with tales of terror and suspense.
The puppet began to unravel as I pulled at the yarn.
He followed the yarn as best he could, eagerly searching for the maze's exit.
They spun a yarn about traveling to the store to buy yarn.
The kitten played with the ball of yarn, leaving a large, tangled mess in the old lady’s weaving basket.
On the wall was a display of several polaroids dangling from an intricately intertwined weaving of yarn, held in place by clothespins.
Jim had to tie the soles of his shoes together with yarn to prevent them from falling off.
The sewing workshop left a large mess of yarn on the table, which was annoying to reorganize.