Wendy wouldn't be sucked in by a load of specious rubbish spouted by a cracked demagogue hungry for martyrdom.
"Oh, let's Stop talking rubbish," she cried.
There Is an awful lot of rubbish published.
"You talk rubbish, old man," the young man said, but he sounded uneasy.
"You believed all that rubbish you told Tylo about what the Federation really wants, didn't you?"
The words, the history books, the ideas, the science -- Underhill could sense all that in his own mind, reflected back from Captain Wow's mind, as so much rubbish.
What kind of rubbish have you been reading?"
I'm talking sense and rubbish at the same time.
Good riddance to childish rubbish.
Now there's been so much rubbish written about how Ben's vaccine is either the world's worst disaster or else its greatest hope that I thought I'd wind this up by telling what really happened down here.
"Your confession is the biggest pile of rubbish I've read in my life.
All he did was mutter, 'That golden shape on the golden steps, that music, that me is a true me, that golden shape, that golden shape, I want to be with that golden shape,' and rubbish like that.
"She's talking rubbish," I said, but already a few voices in the crowd shouted that she was merely spreading rumor.
To Colonel Smith's question about the possibility of an "overkill" if such and such size bomb dropped on such and such enemy city the answer came back, "Rubbish.
Our sense of humour and perception of what's good and what's rubbish are uncommonly in tune. 
She criticised stories in the magazine as absolute rubbish and ridiculously alarmist.
Using his Twitter account, he derided the language as being an old, unadaptive language with relatively few words for things and Gaelic poetry as basically doggerel and and mainly a bit of rubbish. 
She described the psychoanalyzing of dogs as a lot of rubbish.
After the performance he declared'' Such rubbish should never have been written''
But this new book is wretched; a high-varnished preface to a heap of rubbish, in a very vulgar style, and too void of method even for such a farrago. 
I am not going to write any more of that bloody rubbish with those idiots.
However, its production at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in 1890 inspired dismal reviews, with one spectator commenting that its music was simply rubbish. 
Judge Hlophe was reported to have rejected the allegations as utter rubbish and as another ploy to damage his reputation.
In October 2007, Bald expressed a desire to leave Celtic stating I don't want to be at a club where I am not wanted, but I want to make clear it is rubbish to say I am just taking the money.
Intelligent design should be viewed as a ground-clearing operation that gets rid of the intellectual rubbish that for generations has kept Christianity from receiving serious consideration.
